docs: copy edit deployment pages (#8400)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/deployment/no-collector.md

---
title: No Collector
description: Why and how to send signals directly from an application to backends
weight: 1
---

The simplest deployment pattern is not to use a Collector at all. In this
approach, applications [instrumented][instrumentation] with an OpenTelemetry SDK

> export telemetry signals (traces, metrics, and logs) directly to a backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most direct deployment pattern doesn't use a Collector at all. In this
approach, applications [instrumented][instrumentation] with an OpenTelemetry SDK
export telemetry signals (traces, metrics, and logs) straight to a backend:
```

![No collector deployment concept](../../img/otel-sdk.svg)

## Example

> See the [code instrumentation for programming languages][instrumentation] for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [instrumentation documentation][instrumentation] for
```

end-to-end examples that show how to export signals directly from your
application to a backend.

> ## Trade-offs

Reviewer: Same here. Please add a brief sentence to introduce this section.

Pros:

- Simple to use (especially in development and test environments)
- No additional moving parts to deploy or operate

Cons:

- Requires code changes if collection, processing, or ingestion needs change

> - Strong coupling between application code and backend behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strong coupling between application code and backend storage or visualization
```
